kymotracker: add `split` action (#495)
lumicks/pylake: changelog.md

#### New features

* Added [`DwelltimeModel.profile_likelihood()`](https://lumicks-pylake.readthedocs.io/en/latest/_api/lumicks.pylake.DwelltimeModel.html#lumicks.pylake.DwelltimeModel.profile_likelihood) for calculating profile likelihoods for dwell time analysis. These can be used to determine confidence intervals and assess whether the model has too many parameters (i.e., if a model with fewer components would be sufficient).

> * Added functionality to split lines to the Kymotracking widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added functionality to split tracks in the Kymotracking widget.
```

* Added lower and upper bounds when fitting dwell time models. This prevents numerical issues that occur when approaching these extremes. Prior to this change, over-parameterized models could encounter numerical issues due to divisions by (near) zero. After this change, amplitudes are constrained to stay between `1e-9` and `1.0 - 1e-9`, while lifetimes are constrained to remain between `1e-8` and `1e8`.
* Provided better initial guess for dwell time models with three or more components. Prior to this change, the dwelltime models involving three components or more would get an initial guess with an average lifetime beyond the mean of the observations.
* Silenced false positive warnings about the optimization violating the bound constraints. Prior to this change, dwell time analysis would produce warnings about the optimizer exceeding bounds. These excursions beyond the bound are very small and have no effect on the model.

> * Parameters corresponding to Gaussian refinement are now preserved when two refined lines are concatenated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Parameters corresponding to Gaussian refinement are now preserved when two refined tracks are concatenated.
```

* Added lower and upper bounds when fitting dwell time models. This prevents numerical issues that occur when approaching these extremes. Prior to this change, over-parameterized models could encounter numerical issues due to divisions by (near) zero. After this change, amplitudes are constrained to stay between `1e-9` and `1.0 - 1e-9`, while lifetimes are constrained to remain between `1e-8` and `1e8`.
* Provided better initial guess for dwell time models with three or more components. Prior to this change, the dwelltime models involving three components or more would get an initial guess with an average lifetime beyond the mean of the observations.
* Silenced false positive warnings about the optimization violating the bound constraints. Prior to this change, dwell time analysis would produce warnings about the optimizer exceeding bounds. These excursions beyond the bound are very small and have no effect on the model.
* Parameters corresponding to Gaussian refinement are now preserved when two refined tracks are concatenated.

> * Set minimum `KymoTrack` length to `2` points.

Author: Yes!
